Include all (recent) Software release notes in one doc (#2771)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.30/release-notes.md

---
title: 'Astronomer Software release notes'
sidebar_label: 'Astronomer Software'
id: release-notes
description: Astronomer Software release notes.
---

This document contains release notes for each version of Astronomer Software.

0.32 is the latest long-term support (LTS) release for Astronomer Software. To upgrade to 0.32, see [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md). For more information about Software release channels and currently maintained versions of Astronomer Software, see [Release and lifecycle policies](release-lifecycle-policy.md). To read release notes specifically for the Astro CLI, see [Astro CLI release notes](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/release-notes).

## 0.32.2

Release date: June 23, 2023

### Bug fixes

- Reverted a change which prevented Workspace-level service accounts from accessing a Deployment when the service account didn't have specific permissions for that Deployment.
- Fixed an issue where some screens of the Airflow UI would produce an HTTP 500 internal server error.

## 0.32.1

Release date: June 12, 2023

### Additional improvements

> - [Overprovisioning](cluster-resource-provisioning.md) now also applies to the following components:

Author: ```suggestion
- [Overprovisioning](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/cluster-resource-provisioning) now also applies to the following components:
```

    - PGBouncer
    - Statsd
    - Flower
  

> - You can now configure `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.overProvisioningComponents` to limit the scope of [overprovisioning](cluster-resource-provisioning.md) only to specific Airflow components.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can now configure `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.overProvisioningComponents` to limit the scope of [overprovisioning](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/cluster-resource-provisioning) only to specific Airflow components.
```

    - [CVE-2023-28840](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-28840)
    - [CVE-2023-2650](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-2650)

## 0.32.0

Release date: April 28, 2023

### Clean Deployment task metadata

You can now clean task data from your Deployments by exporting it to an external storage service. This workflow reduces the amount of data Airflow stores in your Deployment metadata database by archiving data that you don't need to access on a regular basis. To configure this job, see [Clean Deployment task metadata](configure-deployment.md#clean-deployment-task-metadata).

### Programmatically create and update Deployments with the Houston API

You can now programmatically create or update Deployments using the Houston API `upsertDeployment` mutation. Unlike `createDeployment`, the `upsertDeployment` mutation includes keys for configuring Deployment resources such as environment variables. See [Create or update a Deployment with configurations](houston-api.md#create-or-update-a-deployment-with-configurations).

### Reduce resource requests for Airflow components in development environments

> You can reduce the amount of CPU and memory that an Airflow component requests in development environments, allowing you to more efficiently provision resources based on the requirements for your development Deployments. See [Underprovision Airflow resources](cluster-resource-provisioning) for configuration steps.

Author: ```suggestion
You can reduce the amount of CPU and memory that an Airflow component requests in development environments, allowing you to more efficiently provision resources based on the requirements for your development Deployments. See [Underprovision Airflow resources](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/cluster-resource-provisioning) for configuration steps.
```
